### Tell something about yourself

Hi, my name is Tinghan Chen, you can call me Allen. I am from China. I graduated from the QUT majoring Master of Computer Science. Currently, I am doing web development specializing in front-end development. I am familiar node.js and some MVVM framework such as react, vue. I got several academic projects and two major self-employ projects experience. I motivated to learn new tech skills and pursue a high quality, extensive, reusable code and have a well understanding of redux and application performance optimization. 



### Working experience

I have been working as an intern in Jacques which is an intercom company. The main task that I have done was to create a REST web service using python flask. Then implementing the communication between the Jenkins which is a continuous integration platform with my webservice.

Then, I add a persistent data storage in the web service using Redis.

Also, I have some short period working experience in China as an IT support in the summer holiday. I was mainly responsible for the UI design using photoshop and h5. 



### Project experience



**Academic project**

I briefly introduce my academic project. The first one is a web development project. The website is used to help people with intellectual disability to communicate with each other. The web application allows these disabled people to write down their ideas. I used python Django to develop this project. The main challenging of the website is the UI design for these people easily accessing.

The second academic project is an IoT project. The project is used to monitor the water quality real-time. I did some research about the IoT platform, then deploying the IoT platform on the server, fetching the data from the raspberry. 



**Self-employ project**



Two of my recent self-employ project were both developed with React. The first project was a Social networking chatting application. It is something like a job seek application. User has two types: employer and employee. They can post their information on this application. Then, they are allowed to real-time communicate with each other. Front-end Techs used in this project are react, react-router-dom, ant design. All the states were managed by the Redux. I got three type of reducer, user, chatuser, chat, then composing them together.  Also, I use the react-trunk to dispatch the action asyc. For the back-end, I used the express.js and mongodb. With the mongoose, I can connect the mongodb with expressjs. In additional, I used some middleware such as the bodyparser, cookier-parse, and path. Also, I used socket.io to enables real-time event-based communication between client with end-point.



**Optimize the component solutions**

- Reduce the build file size

- Use the immutable data

- Refactor the `shouldComponentUpdate()`



Another project that I have done is an order admin. User can view, edit the product and order information. The tech stack of this project includes React, React-router, bootstrap. In this project, I compose the file-uploader, pagination, AJAX, and rich-editor as separate components for reusability.  Because the admin is very normal for most website, I prepare to develop a reusable admin template and integrate all the normal features such as the data display with chart, login/register, navbar, etc. 



### Why we should hire you



You know, since I familiar with the react and node.js and have some self-employed experience on developing the application, and I know some basic knowledge about the component optimization with ImmutableJS. So, I think I can perfect your project.



### Tell about your strengths

I think my personal strengths is that I am a quick learner and am motived to learn new techs. I write at least two blogs every week to document what I have learned. Also, I am enthusiastic about the work and punctual about the tasks that have to be delivered. 



### Tell about your weakness

To be honest, I am a detailed oriented person. For example, when I encounter some issues when coding, I will dive into the depth. So, something it would cost too much time and affects the work efficiency.  



---

### Node.js



### What is the event loop?

This is continuous running process and checks if the call stack is empty. If the call stack is empty, it will look into the event query. If there is something in the event queue that is waiting, it is moved to the call stack.



### What is the difference between app and route in express4?



When you call the `express()`, it will return an app object, while calling the `express.router()`, a mini app is returned. You can move all the code into a separate file because all the routes in your app will become complicated. That’s a concept of modulization. 



### Understanding of Promise

Promise is an Object. In order to solve the “callback hell” async, promise emerges. It supports the “Chain” syntax. There are three states: fulfilled, pending, reject. When the states change, it will invoke the callback through the `.then()`. Also, you can use `.catch() `to catch the error. With the catch function, you do not need to write the `reject` callback.



### When should we use Node.js?

Its ideal to use Node.js for developing streaming or event-based application such as chat application and game servers. The “event loop” feature of Node.js enables it to handle multiple events without getting blocked. 



### What is stream and how many types of streams are present in Node.js?

Stream in Node.js are objects that allow reading data from a source or writing data to a specific in a continuous fashion.

Four types of streams

- <Readable>

- <Writable>

- <Duplex>

- <Transform>



### Which is the first Argument usually passed to a Node.js?

Node.js follow a standard signature for its callback handlers and usually the first argument is an optional error object. If there is no error, the argument defaults to null or undefined.



### What is steam in Node.js?

Streams are pipes that let you easily read data from a source and pipe it to a destination.



### What is Event-driven programming?

Event-driven programming is building our application based on and respond to events. When an event occurs, like click or keypress, we are running a callback function which is registered to the element for that event. Event-based programming follows mainly publish-subscribe pattern. Socket.io is a kind of event-based programming implementation.



### What is Event-loop in Node.js work? How does it work?

The event loop handles all async callbacks. Node.js is a single-threaded, event-driven language. Node.js runs this operation and further continue to run other code without waiting for the output. All the callback function are queued in a loop and will run one-by-one when the response has been received.



### What is ‘next’ in ExpressJS?

Next is a parameter which is used to pass control to next middleware.



### What is routing?

Routing is used to handle the incoming request from the client.



### What is cookie and what it does?

Cookies is a data sent from the server and stores on the client side. It keeps user’s action.



### How to use cookies in ExpressJS?

Cookies are used in ExpressJS by ‘cookie-parser’ middleware.



### How to delete cookie in ExpressJs?

Cookies are used in ExpressJS by ‘cookie-parser’ middleware.



### How to handle 404 errors or redirect error to another page?



```

app.use(function(req, res, next){  

        res.status(404).json({errorCode: 404,             errorMessage: requested resources not found”});  

         });  



```
